What are the different types of filters and give their working order?
ANS- 
There are 6 types of filter in tableau.
1.Extract Filter
the extract filters are used to extract data from the various sources, 
by saving a screengrab of the way it gets added on your file. 
we can refresh extract to update file.
steps- 1.Connect Tableau with the text file.
2.Click on the “Extract button”. It will create a local copy in the Tableau source.

2.Data Source Filter
Used mainly to restrict sensitive data from the data viewers, 
the data source filters are similar to the extract filters
in minimizing the data feeds for faster processing.


3.Context Filter
A context filter is a discrete filter on its own,
creating datasets based on the original datasheet and the presets chosen for compiling the data. 
Since all the types of filters in tableau get applied to all rows in the datasheet, 
irrespective of any other filters,the context filter would ensure that it is first to get processed.
Go to the context menu of a prevailing categorical filter and select Add to Context to make a Context filter in tableau.
Once the view is created, the context is calculated. 
The context is then used to calculate all other filters.
You can use Context Filter to find the topmost 10 subcategories of items in the Furniture category.


4.Dimension Filter
you can access the values highlighted or remove them from the selected dimension,
represented as strikethrough values. 
You can click All or None to select or deselect based on your operation in case of multiple dimensions.

 
5.Measure Filter
In this filter, you can apply the various operations like Sum, Avg, Median, Standard Deviation, and other aggregate functions. 
In the next stage, you would be presented with four choices: Range, At least, At most, and Special for your values.


6.Table Calculation Filter
The last filter to process is the table calculation that gets executed once the data view has been rendered. 
With this filter,you can quickly look into the data without any filtering of the hidden data. 