1. basics
Q1.  what is diffrence between discrete and continuos data?
ANS- 1.discrete data is numerical data type which is fixed and determined by counting. for example no of students , no of workers in factory.
     2.continuous data is complex numerical data type which are varying data values in perticular interval of time. for example age.


Q2. what is criteria for data to land into dimensions and measures?
ANS- 1.if data type is string or text or in ABC format or qualitative then it land into dimensions and if datatype is numerical it land into measures.

dimensions example - names,segments,country names etc
measures- sales,profit etc

Q3.what is metadata ,where is it present in workbook?
ANS- meta data api enables to see relationship between content. click on datasource select data file and drag and drop on canvas, we can see tables on canvas.

Q4.what happents when you aggregate or disagrregate the data?
ANS- Tableau aggregates data in view by default. Now you see a lot of marks—one for each row in your original data source:
 When you disaggregate measures, you no longer are looking at the average or sum for the values in the rows in the data source. 
Instead, the view shows a mark for every row in the data source.


Q5.5.You are working on a dataset, the client adds in more data to the dataset. What happens to the Visualization that you had created? 
Give the explanation for both Live and Extracted data.
ANS- live data is real time data if clients add data it will make change in visualization directly where as extracted data needed to refresh time to time. 
if we refresh data then it will affect visualisation.



Q6.6.	What are the file extensions in Tableau and how each one is different?



ANS- Workbooks (.twb) – Tableau workbook files have the .twb file extension.
 Workbooks hold one or more worksheets, plus zero or more dashboards and stories.

Bookmarks (.tbm) – Tableau bookmark files have the .tbm file extension. 
Bookmarks contain a single worksheet and are an easy way to quickly share your work.

Packaged Workbooks (.twbx) – Tableau packaged workbooks have the .twbx file extension.
 A packaged workbook is a single zip file that contains a workbook along with any supporting local file data and background images. 
This format is the best way to package your work for sharing with others who don’t have access to the original data. 

Extract (.hyper or .tde) – Depending on the version the extract was created in, Tableau extract files can have either the .hyper or .tde file extension.
 Extract files are a local copy of a subset or entire data set that you can use to share data with others, 
when you need to work offline, and improve performance. 

Data Source (.tds) – Tableau data source files have the .tds file extension.
 Data source files are shortcuts for quickly connecting to the original data that you use often.
 Data source files do not contain the actual data but rather the information necessary to connect to the actual data as well as any modifications you've made on top of the actual data such as changing default properties, 
creating calculated fields, adding groups, and so on. 

Packaged Data Source (.tdsx) – Tableau packaged data source files have the .tdsx file extension.
 A packaged data source is a zip file that contains the data source file (.tds) described above as well as any local file data such as extract files (.hyper or .tde), 
text files, Excel files, Access files, and local cube files. 
Use this format to create a single file that you can then share with others who may not have access to the original data stored locally on your computer.